I'm telling the story of my father's
life it's impossible to separate fact
from the fiction the man from the myth
the best I can do is to tell it the way
he told me it was one thing to sapphire
that book brew that I was intended for
larger things
I was the biggest thing action had ever
three from the imagination of director
Ken Burton most man they'll tell you
stories straight - it won't be
complicated but it will be interesting
even did you ever think that maybe y'all
not too bad so maybe this town is just
too small
they say when you meet the lovely alive
time stops and that's true you mother's
never supposed to marry me excusing
games for somebody else
forget it kid don't waste your time
she's out of your league you don't even
know me
sure I do you were hot stuff back in
history but here in the real world you
got squat now I may not have much but I
have more determination than any man
you're ever likely to me
[Music]
I was drying out
I have no idea who you are what do you
want well who do you want me to bake and
just now to show me who you are for one
[Music]
an adventure as big as life
in telling the story of my father's life
[Music]
they always make sense but that's what
kind of story
[Music]